fix(MeshAccessLog): strengthen validation for MeshAccessLog and MeshGateway (#11560)
kumahq/kuma: UPGRADE.md

## Upgrade to `2.9.x`

### MeshAccessLog

> Policies targeting `spec.targetRef.kind: MeshGateway` can now only target `kind: Mesh` in
> `to[].targetRef`. Previously this was allowed but the resulting configuration
> was ambiguous and nondeterministic.

Reviewer: I don't understand it, what do you mean by `this`? Shouldn't it be:

```suggestion
Policies targeting `spec.targetRef.kind: MeshGateway` can now only target `kind: Mesh` in
`to[].targetRef`. Previously MeshService, MeshExternalService, MeshMultiZoneService were allowed but the resulting configuration
was ambiguous and nondeterministic.
```
